When preparing a system, you will need to install Mac OS X 10.3.3 on
four partitions, providing a production environment, static build
environment, and two test environments.  In the first pass through
these instructions, you will need to set up the disk layout in order
to create the necessary partitions.  In later passes, you will
simply select successive partitions to install onto those partitions.

Installing Mac OS X 10.3.3 requires first installing Mac OS X 10.3
from CDROM, then running the combined Mac OS X 10.3.3 Updater, which
will add all necessary software updates.  The install instructions
will ask you to decline any automatic software updates, and disable
automatic polling for updates.  To install the software update, you
will first be asked to install the Perforce software so that you
can check the update out of Perforce.

WARNING: Do not download or install any software updates except as
instructed in this document, or your build and test environments may
become out of sync with the source code and binaries found in Perforce.
This may result in hard-to-predict and difficult-to-diagnose problems
that will delay your work.

WARNING: The partitioning steps will delete all data from the hard
disk, including any existing operating system, applications, users,
etc.

NOTE: During the installation, we assume that your system will be plugged
directly into an Ethernet routed to/via the McAfee Research Mission
Network.  If that is not the case, network and Perforce configuration
steps may not match these instructions.


Boot the Install CD-ROM
-----------------------

Insert the CDROM labeled "Mac OS X Panther Version 10.3 Install Disc 1",
  and reboot the system.  You may need to hold down "C" during boot to
  boot from the CDROM instead of the hard disk.

Select "English" for the main language, click "Continue".


First Install: Partitioning
---------------------------

When the "Install Mac OS X" window comes up, go to the "Installer"
  menu on the menu bar and select "Open Disk Utility...".

When the "Disk Utility" window appears, and it has probed the system
  configuration, you will see a device and storage tree.  The left-most
  "devices" are the physical drives; as the tree becomes indented, you
  see disk slices and partitions, followed by file systems.  Select
  the physical device for the hard disk you wish to install on.  On
  my system, the name is "74.5GB Maxtor 4D080H4".

Click the "Partition" tab to go to the partitioning pane for your disk
  device.  You will see the current partition scheme: for new systems,
  this is likely a single large partition named "Macintosh HD".  Or,
  if you've repartitioned the system already, you will see your current
  partitioning.

Select a the "4 Partitions" option from the pop-up menu named "Volume
  Scheme", which by default will be set to "Current".  This will split
  your disk into four evenly sized partitions, each "Mac OS X Extended
  (Journalled)".  On my system, they are each approximately sized as
  18.63GB.  Make sure that each partition is at least 8GB.

Select each partition by clicking on the partition in the graphic
  representing disk layout, and change the name of the partition.  We
  recommend naming the first partition "Live System", then naming the
  remaining partitions as "Build System", "Test #1", and "Test #2".

When you are done renaming the partitions and happy with the partition
  layout, click the "Partition" button to commit the changes.  A
  confirmation dialog will appear, asking you to confirm that you wish
  to repartition the disk (destroying any data already present).  Click
  the "Partition" button in the dialog to continue.

When partitioning is complete, control will be returned to the "Disk
  Utility" window.  To return to the installer, select "Quit Disk
  Utility" from the "Disk Utility" pull-down menu on the menu bar.


All Installs: the Installation Process
--------------------------------------

When the "Install Mac OS X" window appears, click the "Continue" button.

An "Important Information" file will appear; you may wish to read this
  file on the first install to understand the hardware requirements.
  However, all project hardware should work with this release of Mac OS X.
  When you are done, click the "Continue" button.

A single use license will appear.  Press the "Continue" button to agree
  to the license.  A dialog box will appear to confirm the license;
  click the "Agree" button to continue.

The "Select a Destination" pane will appear, listing all available
  partitions on which to install.  If this is your first install, select
  "Live System".  Otherwise, select the partition that you plan to install
  to next.  When a partition is successfully selected, a green arrow
  should appear over the highlighted partition.

If you are doing a reinstall of an existing partition, you may wish to
  press the "Options" button in order to select the installation model.
  There will be up to three options, depending on whether an existing
  install is present on the partition.  You may select:

  - "Install Mac OS X"; this option should only be available during a
    first time install on a blank partition.  Use this option if this
    is a fresh install.

  - "Archive and Install"; this option will be available when installing
    to a disk with an existing install, such as an older version of
    Mac OS X.  You may wish to select this option, but be aware that this
    option may not completely restore a partition to a working state
    following corruption of critical data files in the TrustedBSD install
    that Mac OS X is not aware of.  Use of this option is discouraged.

  - "Erase and Install"; this option will delete all software and data
    on the target partition and perform a fresh install.  This is the
    recommended way to replace an existing broken test system, or restore
    a system to a known state following an accidental update.

  When happy with your selection, press the "OK" button to continue.

Press the "Continue" button when the right partition is selected in the
  "Select a Destination" pane.

The "Easy Install on <partition name>" pane will appear, denoting that
  the default installation parameters will be used.  Press the "Install"
  button to continue.  Customization is generally not necessary.

The installation process will begin with a check of the installation
  media in the "Install Software" pane.  This may take several minutes
  to complete.

Once the installation media check is complete, the installation will
  proceed in the "Install Software" pane.  The installation may take
  several minutes to complete.

Once the installation is complete, you can click the "Restart" button,
  or Mac OS X will automatically restart after 30 seconds to complete
  the install.

Following the reboot, Mac OS X will boot off of the hard disk and
  request the CDROM named "Mac OS X Panther Version 10.3 Install Disc 2"
  via an "Installer" dialog box.  Remove the first CD, and insert the
  second installation CD.  More installation will occur, and may take
  several minutes to complete.

Once the second CDROM has installed, the CD will be ejected, and you
  will be prompted to press the "Quit" button to move onto registration
  and configuration.  You will also get a song.  Click the "Quit"
  button (if you don't press it within 30 seconds, the install will
  continue to registration anyway).


Installer Configuration
-----------------------

The Installer will present a "Welcome" window, and ask you to identify
  your country or region.  Select "United States" and click the "Continue"
  button.

The Installer will present a "Personalize Your Settings" window.  Select
  "US" and then click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Your Apple ID" window.  Select "Don't
  create an Apple ID for me".  Click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Registration Information" window.  Enter
  your first and last name, street address of your office, city,
  state, zip code, and office phone number.  Then click the "Continue"
  button.

The Installer will present an "A Few More Questions" window.  Select
  "Large Business" as the location of primary use.  Select "Engineering/
  Scientist/Researcher" as the description.  Select "No" to avoid
  receiving marketing e-mail from Apple.  Click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Thank You" window.  Click the "Continue"
  button.

The Installer will present a "Create Your Account" window.  We suggest
  selecting the same username that you use for nailabs.com account and
  Perforce account.  Enter your full name, account name, login password
  (twice), and if you feel moved, select a picture.  Click the "Continue"
  button.  The Installer will create your account.

The Installer will present a "Get Internet Ready" window.  Select the
  "I'll use my existing Internet service" option.  Click the "Continue"
  button.

The Installer will present a "How Do You Connect?" window.  Select the
  "Local network (Ethernet)" option.  Click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Your Local Area Network" window, with
  options depending on whether your system is connected to the network.
  If your system is connected to a network providing DHCP service (as
  found on the McAfee Research Mission Network), you will be asked
  whether you wish to use DHCP-obtained network configuration.  Select
  "Yes" and click the "Continue" button.  Otherwise, you will need to
  customize this configuration locally.

The Installer will present a "Get .Mac" window.  Select "I'll set up
  a .Mac membership later."  Click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Now You're Ready to Connect" window.
  Click the "Continue" button.  The Installer will submit your product
  registration to Apple electronically and then proceed.

The Installer will present a "Set Up Mail" window.  Press the "Continue"
  button.

The Installer will present a "Select Time Zone" window.  Select an
  appropriate time zone.  Click the "Continue" button.

The Installer will present a "Thank You" window.  Click the "Go" button.


Post-Install Configuration
--------------------------

The system will now log in as your user and present the desktop.  You will
first skip the automatic software update attempt, and disable future
automatic software updates to prevent your system from becoming out of
sync with our development and testing environment.  You will then add
the Terminal application to the Dock so that it is easily accessible, as
the Terminal will be used frequently in this work.

NOTE: The Mac OS X Dock is the row of icons present along the bottom of the
  screen, and may be used to launch new applications, as well as to
  monitor the set of running applications.

Mac OS X will immediately poll for available updates via the Software
  Update tool.  DO NOT INSTALL ANY SOFTWARE UPDATES.  Due to our
  requirement for reproduceable builds and testing, you may only install
  approved software packages and updates.  Press the "Quit" button to
  abort the Software Update.

Click the System Preferences icon on the Dock; this icon will contain
  a light switch and Apple logo.

Once the System Preferences application loads, click the Software Update
  icon from the System row.  Uncheck the "Check for updates" check-box
  in the Update Software tab.  This will disable attempts to automatically
  update the operating system and applications.  Close System Preferences.

Click on the Applications icon in the left Pane of the Finder window
  that was present when you completed the install.  If you have closed
  the Finder window, re-open it by clicking the Finder icon on the Dock.

Scroll the Finder window down and double click the Utilities icon.

Scroll the Finder window down and drag the Terminal icon to the right of
  the System Preferences icon on the Dock.  You will now be able to
  click the Terminal icon in the Dock to launch the Terminal application.

Close the Finder window.


Installing XCode
----------------

You will now install the XCode development environment, which includes
online documentation, compiler suites, and various tools to assist in
the development process.

Insert the CDROM named "Mac OS X Xcode Tools version 1.0".  A CDROM icon
  will appear on the Desktop, and a Finder window named "Xcode Tools"
  should appear.  If it doesn't, double-click the "Xcode Tools" CDROM
  icon on the Desktop.

Double click the "Developer.mpkg" file icon in the "Xcode Tools" Finder
  window.

An "Install Xcode Tools" window will appear, followed by a dialog
  asking for permission to run a program on behalf of the installer.
  Click the "Continue" button.

A "Welcome to the Xcode Tools Installer" pane will appear.  Click the
  "Continue" button.

A "Software License Agreement" pane will appear.  Click the "Continue"
  button.  A license confirmation dialog will appear; click the "Agree"
  button.

A "Select a Destination" pane will appear.  Select the partition that
  you are currently installing to, if it is not already selected.  A green
  arrow will appear over the highlighted target partition.  Click the
  "Continue" button.

An "Easy Install on <partition name>" pane will appear.  Click the
  "Install" button.

An "Authenticate" dialog will appear requesting your username and password.
  Enter your password and click the "OK" button.

An "Install Software" pane will appear, and the installation will begin.
  It may take several minutes to complete.

Once the installation has completed, click the "Close" button.

A dialog will pop up requesting confirmation to restart the computer.
  Click the "Restart" button, or the system will restart automatically
  after 120 seconds.


Installing Perforce
-------------------

You will now install the Perforce revision control software to permit
you to pull down software updates, documentation, source code, and
tools for our development environment.  We recommend using the 'p4'
command line tool rather than the 'p4v' GUI tool.  Please refer to the
Perforce setup instruction guide for instructions on downloading the
binary, configuring your workspace, and checking out the 
project tree.


Updating to Mac OS X 10.3.3
---------------------------

You will now install the Mac OS X 10.3.3 Combined Software Update
synchronized to your workstation using Perforce, or loaded from another
system using the local area network.

NOTE: DO NOT INSTALL ANY SOFTWARE UPDATES OF UNKNOWN ORIGIN, OR DOWNLOADED
  DIRECTLY FROM APPLE'S WEB SITE.  YOU MAY ONLY INSTALL THE SOFTWARE
  UPDATES KNOWN TO INTEROPERATE CORRECTLY WITH OUR BUILD AND TEST
  ENVIRONMENT.

To start the Software Update, double click the "MacOSXUpdateCombi10.3.3.dmg"
  icon for the update, which will cause the software image to be extracted
  and mounted as a virtual file system.  A dialog will appear while the
  disk image is extracted, verified, and mounted.  A virtual disk named
  "Mac OS X 10.3.3 Combined Update" will appear on the Desktop, and a
  Finder window should open for the virtual disk, containing the file
  "MacOSXUpdateCombo10.3.3.pkg".  If the Finder window does not open,
  double click the virtual disk on the Desktop.

Double click the file named "MacOSXUpdateCombo10.3.3.pkg".

A window named "Install Mac OS X Update Combined" will appear, along
  with a dialog box asking you to allow the Updater to run a program.
  Click the "Continue" button in the dialog box.

A "Welcome to the Mac OS X Update Combined Installer" pane will appear.
  Click the "Continue" button.

An "Important Information" pane will appear.  You may wish to read this
  to learn about the differences between Mac OS X 10.3 and Mac OS X
  10.3.3.  When you are read, click the "Continue" button.

A "Software License Agreement" pane will appear.  Click the "Continue"
  button to accept the license agreement.  A confirmation dialog will
  appear.  Click the "Agree" button.

A "Select a Destination" pane will appear.  Select the partition that
  you have most recently installed; a green arrow should appear on the
  highlighted partition.  Click the "Continue" button.

An "Easy Install on <partition name>" pane will appear.  Click the "Install"
  button.  An "Authenticate" dialog will appear prompting for your
  password.  Enter your password and click the "OK" button.  A
  confirmation dialog will appear that indicates the system will require
  restarting.  Click the "Continue Installation" button.

A "Install Software" pane will appear, and the update will begin; it may
  take several minutes to complete.  When the update has completed,
  you will be prompted to restart.  Click the "Restart" button.


Repeat Until Cooked
-------------------

Repeat the additional installations, one per partition, until all partitions
have Mac OS X 10.3.3 installed.



